# Raven

Raven is a chat bot built on the [Hubot][hubot] framework. It was initially generated by [Hubot Generator][generator-hubot], and configured to be deployed on [Heroku][heroku].

[heroku]: http://www.heroku.com
[hubot]: http://hubot.github.com
[generator-hubot]: https://github.com/github/generator-hubot

## Active Deployments

Raven supports one deployment currently:

* The Omega Res Novae Slack (as Mudkip, invocation is @mudkip)

## Active Plugins

* Authentication (user specific permission to access bot functionality)
* Teamspeak track
* Danbooru
* e621
* YouTube
* Google
* Weather
* Topic protection
* Hubot aliases

## Features Wanted

* Room archiving (to get around Slack/HipChat 10k history limit)

##Setup
1. Clone the repo
2. ```cd raven```
3. ```npm install```
4. Launch on heroku (you get a tutorial when you create heroku)
5. Setup the following env variables: ```heroku config:set ENVVAR=blah```
	1. HEROKU_URL
	2. ADAPTER
	3. HUBOT_SLACK_TOKEN
	4. HUBOT_ADMINS (only Slack id)
	5. HUBOT_TEAMSPEAK_IP
	6. HUBOT_TEAMSPEAK_USER
	7. HUBOT_TEAMSPEAK_PASSWORD
	8. HUBOT_TEAMSPEAK_VOICE_PORT
	9. HUBOT_TEAMSPEAK_OUT_ROOM
	10. FORECAST_IO_KEY - ```https://developer.forecast.io```
	11. GOOGLE_API_KEY & HUBOT_GOOGLE_API_KEY
		1. https://console.developers.google.com/project
		2. create a new project
		2. then click on APIS & Auth -> APIs
		2. and under api library
		2. search for Geocoding API
		2. and enable that
		2. then search for Time Zone API
		2. and enable that
		2. then go to credentials
		2. and hit create new key for public access
	12. REDIS_URL & REDISCLOUD_URL & REDISTOGO_URL

##Commands
Here is a list of commands that you can run:
* (zombie) - Call in a zombie
* <name>++
* <name>--
* GET http://<url>/mudkip/scores[?name=<name>][&direction=<top|botton>][&limit=<10>]
* frick - Let Zach Holman tell you what word to use instead of "frick"
* fu <object> - tells <object> to f off with random response from FOASS
* mudkip adapter - Reply with the adapter
* mudkip animate me <query> - The same thing as `image me`, except adds a few parameters to try to return an animated GIF instead.
* mudkip bottom <amount>
* mudkip echo <text> - Reply back with <text>
* mudkip fml - A random message from fmylife.com
* mudkip forecast me <address, zip code, etc> - Returns the 5 day forecast for the location.
* mudkip furry me <tags> [rating] - Retrieves an image with the provided tags with an optional rating.
* mudkip google me <query> - Googles <query> & returns 1st result's URL
* mudkip help - Displays all of the help commands that mudkip knows about.
* mudkip help <query> - Displays all help commands that match <query>.
* mudkip image me <query> - The Original. Queries Google Images for <query> and returns a random top result.
* mudkip mustache me <query> - Searches Google Images for the specified query and mustaches it.
* mudkip mustache me <url> - Adds a mustache to the specified URL.
* mudkip ping - Reply with pong
* mudkip pug bomb N - get N pugs
* mudkip pug me - Receive a pug
* mudkip quote add <quote> - Saves the quote
* mudkip quote find <string> - Lists all quotes that contain the search string
* mudkip quote list - Lists all quotes
* mudkip quote random - Reads a random quote
* mudkip quote read # - Reads the quote stored
* mudkip remind me in <minutes> to <action> - Stores reminder
* mudkip remind me to <action> in <minutes> - Stores reminder.
* mudkip score <name>
* mudkip teamspeak - <replies with a comma seperated list of all connected users>
* mudkip teamspeak - <replies with a comma seperated list of all connected users>
* mudkip the rules - Make sure mudkip still knows the rules.
* mudkip time - Reply with current time
* mudkip top <amount>
* mudkip translate me <phrase> - Searches for a translation for the <phrase> and then prints that bad boy out.
* mudkip translate me from <source> into <target> <phrase> - Translates <phrase> from <source> into <target>. Both <source> and <target> are optional
* mudkip weather location <location> - saves this location as your location, allowing you to use the other commands without any info
* mudkip weather me <address, zip code, etc> - Returns the current temperature.
* mudkip what time is it in <address, zip code, etc> - Returns the current time.
* mudkip youtube me <query> - Searches YouTube for the query and returns the video embed link.
* stripped down version of https://github.com/dtaniwaki/mudkip-privilege/blob/master/src/privilege.coffee
* what the fuck is that poop - responds with a random WITS image
* what the hell is this crap - responds with a random WITS image
* wtf is this shit - responds with a random WITS image
* zen - Display GitHub zen message
